cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/RecognitionStatusListener.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionStatusListener
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/gles/Sprite2d.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.gles.Sprite2d
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/RenderThread.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RenderThread
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RenderThread$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RenderThread$2
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RenderThread$3
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RenderThread$RenderHandler
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/FpsCounter.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.FpsCounter
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/OrientationHelper.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.OrientationHelper
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ui/ScanCardRequest.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardRequest
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardRequest$1
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/RecognitionCore.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionCore
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/CameraManager.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.CameraManager
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.CameraManager$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.CameraManager$2
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/utils/Fonts.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.utils.Fonts
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/ProcessFrameThread.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ProcessFrameThread
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ProcessFrameThread$Callbacks
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/Card.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.Card
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.Card$1
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/widget/CardDetectionStateView.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.widget.CardDetectionStateView
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/DisplayHelper.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.DisplayHelper
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/BlockingOperationException.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.BlockingOperationException
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusManagerImpl
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusManagerImpl$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusManagerImpl$2
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$FocusManager
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$FocusMoveCallback
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$ManualFocusManagerImpl
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$ManualFocusManagerImpl$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$ManualFocusManagerImpl$2
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.AutoFocusManager$ManualFocusManagerImpl$3
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/gles/Texture2dProgram.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.gles.Texture2dProgram
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ui/views/ProgressBarIndeterminate.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.views.ProgressBarIndeterminate
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.views.ProgressBarIndeterminate$1
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/RecognitionCoreUtils.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RecognitionCoreUtils
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RecognitionCoreUtils$1
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/gles/WindowSurface.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.gles.WindowSurface
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/RecognitionCoreImpl.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionCoreImpl
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/gles/GlUtil.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.gles.GlUtil
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/RecognitionCoreNdk.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionCoreNdk
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionCoreNdk$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionCoreNdk$TorchStatusListenerHandler
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/CameraConfigurationUtils.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.CameraConfigurationUtils
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/utils/Constants.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.utils.Constants
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/RecognitionCoreDummy.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionCoreDummy
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ui/InitLibraryFragment.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.InitLibraryFragment
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.InitLibraryFragment$DeployCoreTask
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.InitLibraryFragment$InteractionListener
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/widget/CameraPreviewLayout.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.widget.CameraPreviewLayout
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.widget.CameraPreviewLayout$LayoutParams
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ui/ScanCardFragment.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardFragment
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardFragment$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardFragment$2
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardFragment$3
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardFragment$4
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardFragment$InteractionListener
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/ScanManager.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManager
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManager$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManager$2
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManager$3
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManager$4
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManager$5
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManager$Callbacks
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/TorchStatusListener.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.TorchStatusListener
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/widget/OnWindowFocusChangedListener.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.widget.OnWindowFocusChangedListener
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/DisplayConfigurationImpl.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.DisplayConfigurationImpl
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/gles/Drawable2d.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.gles.Drawable2d
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/TorchManager.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.TorchManager
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.TorchManager$1
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/gles/EglCore.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.gles.EglCore
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ui/ScanCardActivity.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.ScanCardActivity
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/widget/CardRectCoordsMapper.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.widget.CardRectCoordsMapper
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/BuildConfig.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.BuildConfig
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/ScanManagerHandler.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.ScanManagerHandler
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ui/views/ButtonWithTopBorder.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.views.ButtonWithTopBorder
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ui/views/TabletCardRecognitionHolderLinearLayout.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ui.views.TabletCardRecognitionHolderLinearLayout
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/DisplayConfiguration.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.DisplayConfiguration
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/NeuroDataHelper.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.NeuroDataHelper
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/utils/Size.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.utils.Size
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/CameraUtils.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.CameraUtils
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.CameraUtils$NativeSupportedSize
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/RecognitionAvailabilityChecker.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RecognitionAvailabilityChecker
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RecognitionAvailabilityChecker$RecognitionCheckResultBuilder
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RecognitionAvailabilityChecker$Result
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ScanCardIntent.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ScanCardIntent
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ScanCardIntent$Builder
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ScanCardIntent$CancelReason
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/WindowRotationListener.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.WindowRotationListener
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.WindowRotationListener$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.WindowRotationListener$Impl
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.WindowRotationListener$ImplApi17
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.WindowRotationListener$ImplDefault
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.WindowRotationListener$ImplDefault$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.WindowRotationListener$RotationListener
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/utils/CardUtils.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.utils.CardUtils
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/utils/PaycardsHelper.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.utils.PaycardsHelper
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.utils.PaycardsHelper$1
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/RecognitionResult.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionResult
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionResult$1
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionResult$Builder
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/camera/RecognitionUnavailableException.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.camera.RecognitionUnavailableException
cards/pay/paycardsrecognizer/sdk/ndk/RecognitionConstants.java
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionConstants
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionConstants$DetectedBorderFlags
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionConstants$RecognitionMode
 cards.pay.paycardsrecognizer.sdk.ndk.RecognitionConstants$WorkAreaOrientation
